wad.md, before:

# WAD file format

WADs are archives used by the clients. They contain assets, game data (e.g.
item description), files for the LCU's interface and more.


## WAD header

The WAD file starts with the following header:

| Offset | Format | Description                                |
| ------:| ------ | ------------------------------------------ |
|      0 | `RW`   | magic code                                 |
|      2 | u8     | major version                              |
|      3 | u8     | minor version                              |

Parsing of following data depends on the major version.
Latest known major version is 3.


## WAD version 1

Following the WAD header is the directory entry.

| Pos | Size | Format | Description                            |
| ---:| ----:| ------ | -------------------------------------- |
|   0 |    2 | u16    | entry header offset                    |
|   2 |    2 | u16    | entry header size                      |

This header provides the number and location of entries in the WAD archive.
[Entry headers](#entry-headers) start at the *entry header offset* and are
spaced by the *entry header size*. (In practice, they immediately follow the
directory header and are contiguous.)


## WAD version 2

Following the WAD header is the directory entry.

| Pos | Size | Format | Description                            |
| ---:| ----:| ------ | -------------------------------------- |
|   0 |    1 | u8     | length of following unknown data       |
|   1 |   83 |        | *unknown data* padded with `0` bytes   |
|  84 |    8 |        | *unknown*                              |
|  92 |    2 | u16    | entry header offset                    |
|  94 |    2 | u16    | entry header size                      |
|  96 |    4 | u32    | entry count                            |

This header provides the number and location of entries in the WAD archive.
[Entry headers](#entry-headers) start at the *entry header offset* and are
spaced by the *entry header size*. (In practice, they immediately follow the
directory header and are contiguous.)


## WAD version 3

Following the WAD header is the directory entry.

| Pos | Size | Format | Description                            |
| ---:| ----:| ------ | -------------------------------------- |
|   0 |  264 |        | *unknown*                              |
| 264 |    4 | u32    | entry count                            |

This header provides the number of entries in the WAD archive.
[Entry headers](#entry-headers) immediately follow the directory header and are
contiguous.


## Entry headers

Entry header format is compatible with all WAD versions: new fields are added
to the end of the structure. Knowing the size of the entry header structure
allows to which fields are actually present.

WAD version 1 ends at the *compression type* field.
WAD versions 2 and 3 include all fields.

| Pos | Size | Format | Description                            |
| ---:| ----:| ------ | -------------------------------------- |
|   0 |    8 | u64    | [path hash](#path-hashes)              |
|   8 |    4 | u32    | data offset in the WAD archive         |
|  12 |    4 | u32    | compressed size                        |
|  16 |    4 | u32    | uncompressed size                      |
|  20 |    1 | u8     | compression type                       |
|  21 |    1 | bool   | *unknown*                              |
|  22 |    2 | u16    | *unknown*                              |
|  24 |    8 | u64    | first 8 bytes of sha256 hash of data   |

The following *compression types* are known:

 - `0` -- uncompressed data
 - `1` -- zlib
 - `3` -- [Zstandard](http://facebook.github.io/zstd/)


## Path hashes

Paths of files in WAD archives are hashed using 64-bit
[xxHash](http://cyan4973.github.io/xxHash/) with seed 0.
Since paths are not stored in the archive in clear, they have to be guessed.

Hashed paths are all in lowercase. They usually use letters, digits and
characters from `._-`. Rare occurrences also uses spaces and `@`.

Commit message:

wad.md update hash info w/ caps, slashes, and guesses

wad.md, after:

# WAD file format

WADs are archives used by the clients. They contain assets, game data (e.g.
item description), files for the LCU's interface and more.


## WAD header

The WAD file starts with the following header:

| Offset | Format | Description                                |
| ------:| ------ | ------------------------------------------ |
|      0 | `RW`   | magic code                                 |
|      2 | u8     | major version                              |
|      3 | u8     | minor version                              |

Parsing of following data depends on the major version.
Latest known major version is 3.


## WAD version 1

Following the WAD header is the directory entry.

| Pos | Size | Format | Description                            |
| ---:| ----:| ------ | -------------------------------------- |
|   0 |    2 | u16    | entry header offset                    |
|   2 |    2 | u16    | entry header size                      |

This header provides the number and location of entries in the WAD archive.
[Entry headers](#entry-headers) start at the *entry header offset* and are
spaced by the *entry header size*. (In practice, they immediately follow the
directory header and are contiguous.)


## WAD version 2

Following the WAD header is the directory entry.

| Pos | Size | Format | Description                            |
| ---:| ----:| ------ | -------------------------------------- |
|   0 |    1 | u8     | length of following unknown data       |
|   1 |   83 |        | *unknown data* padded with `0` bytes   |
|  84 |    8 |        | *unknown*                              |
|  92 |    2 | u16    | entry header offset                    |
|  94 |    2 | u16    | entry header size                      |
|  96 |    4 | u32    | entry count                            |

This header provides the number and location of entries in the WAD archive.
[Entry headers](#entry-headers) start at the *entry header offset* and are
spaced by the *entry header size*. (In practice, they immediately follow the
directory header and are contiguous.)


## WAD version 3

Following the WAD header is the directory entry.

| Pos | Size | Format | Description                            |
| ---:| ----:| ------ | -------------------------------------- |
|   0 |  264 |        | *unknown*                              |
| 264 |    4 | u32    | entry count                            |

This header provides the number of entries in the WAD archive.
[Entry headers](#entry-headers) immediately follow the directory header and are
contiguous.


## Entry headers

Entry header format is compatible with all WAD versions: new fields are added
to the end of the structure. Knowing the size of the entry header structure
allows to which fields are actually present.

WAD version 1 ends at the *compression type* field.
WAD versions 2 and 3 include all fields.

| Pos | Size | Format | Description                            |
| ---:| ----:| ------ | -------------------------------------- |
|   0 |    8 | u64    | [path hash](#path-hashes)              |
|   8 |    4 | u32    | data offset in the WAD archive         |
|  12 |    4 | u32    | compressed size                        |
|  16 |    4 | u32    | uncompressed size                      |
|  20 |    1 | u8     | compression type                       |
|  21 |    1 | bool   | *unknown*                              |
|  22 |    2 | u16    | *unknown*                              |
|  24 |    8 | u64    | first 8 bytes of sha256 hash of data   |

The following *compression types* are known:

 - `0` -- uncompressed data
 - `1` -- zlib
 - `3` -- [Zstandard](http://facebook.github.io/zstd/)


## Path hashes

Paths of files in WAD archives are hashed using 64-bit
[xxHash](http://cyan4973.github.io/xxHash/) with seed 0.
Since paths are not stored in the archive in clear, they have to be guessed.
Many guesses can be found by looking in some index `.json` files, grepping
league binaries/memory dumps, and debugging the client.

Hashed paths usually use lowercase letters, digits and
characters from `._-/`. Rare occurrences also uses spaces, `@`, and uppercase letters.
